c:\users\ja\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\KIK\KIK\bin\Debug\KIK.exe.config
c:\users\ja\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\KIK\KIK\bin\Debug\KIK.exe
c:\users\ja\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\KIK\KIK\bin\Debug\KIK.pdb
c:\users\ja\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\KIK\KIK\obj\Debug\MainWindow.baml
c:\users\ja\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\KIK\KIK\obj\Debug\MainWindow.g.cs
c:\users\ja\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\KIK\KIK\obj\Debug\App.g.cs
c:\users\ja\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\KIK\KIK\obj\Debug\KIK_MarkupCompile.cache
c:\users\ja\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\KIK\KIK\obj\Debug\KIK.g.resources
c:\users\ja\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\KIK\KIK\obj\Debug\KIK.Properties.Resources.resources
c:\users\ja\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\KIK\KIK\obj\Debug\KIK.csproj.GenerateResource.Cache
c:\users\ja\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\KIK\KIK\obj\Debug\KIK.exe
c:\users\ja\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\KIK\KIK\obj\Debug\KIK.pdb
c:\users\ja\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\KIK\KIK\bin\Debug\MahApps.Metro.dll
c:\users\ja\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\KIK\KIK\bin\Debug\System.Windows.Interactivity.dll
c:\users\ja\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\KIK\KIK\bin\Debug\MahApps.Metro.pdb
c:\users\ja\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\KIK\KIK\bin\Debug\MahApps.Metro.xml
c:\users\ja\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\KIK\KIK\obj\Debug\KIK.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
c:\users\ja\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\KIK\KIK\obj\Debug\Resources\Icons.baml
c:\users\ja\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\KIK\KIK\obj\Debug\App.baml
c:\users\ja\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\KIK\KIK\obj\Debug\Resources\Icons.g.cs
c:\users\ja\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\KIK\KIK\obj\Debug\Menu.baml
c:\users\ja\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\KIK\KIK\obj\Debug\Menu.g.cs
X:\Projektowanie_gier\KIK\KIK\bin\Debug\KIK.exe.config
X:\Projektowanie_gier\KIK\KIK\obj\Debug\KIK.exe
X:\Projektowanie_gier\KIK\KIK\obj\Debug\KIK.pdb
X:\Projektowanie_gier\KIK\KIK\bin\Debug\KIK.exe
X:\Projektowanie_gier\KIK\KIK\bin\Debug\KIK.pdb
X:\Projektowanie_gier\KIK\KIK\bin\Debug\MahApps.Metro.dll
X:\Projektowanie_gier\KIK\KIK\bin\Debug\System.Windows.Interactivity.dll
X:\Projektowanie_gier\KIK\KIK\bin\Debug\MahApps.Metro.pdb
X:\Projektowanie_gier\KIK\KIK\bin\Debug\MahApps.Metro.xml
X:\Projektowanie_gier\KIK\KIK\obj\Debug\KIK.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
X:\Projektowanie_gier\KIK\KIK\obj\Debug\MainWindow.baml
X:\Projektowanie_gier\KIK\KIK\obj\Debug\Menu.baml
X:\Projektowanie_gier\KIK\KIK\obj\Debug\Resources\Icons.baml
X:\Projektowanie_gier\KIK\KIK\obj\Debug\App.baml
X:\Projektowanie_gier\KIK\KIK\obj\Debug\MainWindow.g.cs
X:\Projektowanie_gier\KIK\KIK\obj\Debug\Menu.g.cs
X:\Projektowanie_gier\KIK\KIK\obj\Debug\Resources\Icons.g.cs
X:\Projektowanie_gier\KIK\KIK\obj\Debug\App.g.cs
X:\Projektowanie_gier\KIK\KIK\obj\Debug\KIK_MarkupCompile.cache
X:\Projektowanie_gier\KIK\KIK\obj\Debug\KIK.g.resources
X:\Projektowanie_gier\KIK\KIK\obj\Debug\KIK.Properties.Resources.resources
X:\Projektowanie_gier\KIK\KIK\obj\Debug\KIK.csproj.GenerateResource.Cache
